NMS-13427: Create JDBCDetector documentation (#4943)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/provisioning/detectors/WsmanWqlDetector.adoc

= WS-Manangement WQL Detector

The WSManWQLDetector attempts to connect to the agent defined in `wsman-config.xml` and issues a WQL query.
If the query successfully returns one or more items, the service is marked as detected.

> You can use the WS-Man WQL detector to define arbitrary services based on WQL filter results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the WSManWQLDetector to define arbitrary services based on WQL filter results.
```
